README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://www.hackingwithswift.com/files/wwdc/wwdc-community.png" alt="WWDC Community logo" width="600" />
</p>

The Apple development community is open and inclusive to everyone, and during WWDC we want to make sure everyone can join events, share articles about Apple’s new announcements, or just hang out with like-minded folks.

So, a number of us decided to start this repository to host links to various WWDC events, news, and tutorials from around the community. That means this repo will contain links to events being organized around our community, plus content from SwiftUI Lab, Hacking with Swift, Donny Wals, Swift with Majid, and many more – and we would love to share *your* articles too.


## Events and Meetups

There are lots of events happening in and around Cupertino, along with other events happening around the world. Most in-person events require tickets, and are likely to sell out quickly.

**Note:** Please check the times and locations for each event just in case we made a mistake or something has changed.


### Events in Cupertino

If you’re in the Bay Area around WWDC, you can look for tickets for the following events:

SATURDAY, June 3rd
- 7pm-10pm: [Dub Dub Pub Quiz 2023](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/dub-dub-pub-quiz-2023-tickets-641642348537)

SUNDAY, June 4th
- 1:30pm-3pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292537684/)
- 3pm-7pm: [WWDC Check-in, refreshments, and games at Infinite Loop](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 6pm-10pm: [RevenueCat’s Pre-WWDC Barcade Bash, at MINIBOSS, San Jose](https://rcwwdc23.rsvpify.com)

MONDAY, June 5th
- [Special Event at Apple Park](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23/special-event/) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 9:30am to 4pm: [iOS Dev Happy Hour and WWDCCommunity Watch Party](https://wwdc23-watch-party.eventbrite.com/)

TUESDAY, June 6th
- 10am, 2pm, and 6pm: [Special Event at Apple Park Developer Center](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 7:30 am: [The Dub Dub Climb](https://dubdub.fitness/climb.html)
- 8:00am - 5:00pm: [WWDCCommunity Open Space (Community Get Togethers, BYO Breakfast/Lunch, Open Mic, 
A space for the community to watch and join WWDC activities & more)](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034471117)
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 2](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/293553719/)
- 5:30pm-7:30pm: [iOS Dev Happy Hour IRL](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/iosdevhappyhour-wwdc23-irl-tickets-637437722387)
- 6pm-9pm PT: [Students, Swift, Stars at Il Fornaio, San Jose](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/students-swift-stars-tickets-632561838487)

WEDNESDAY, June 7th
- 7:30 am: [The Dub Dub Climb](https://dubdub.fitness/climb.html)
- 8:00am - 5:00pm: [WWDCCommunity Open Space (Community Get Togethers, BYO Breakfast/Lunch, Open Mic, 
A space for the community to watch and join WWDC activities & more)](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034511237)
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 3](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292607366/)
- 5pm: [The Talk Show Live from WWDC 2023](https://daringfireball.net/thetalkshow/)
- Evening: [James Dempsey and the Breakpoints](https://livenearwwdc.com)

THURSDAY, June 8th
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 4](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292912617/)

FRIDAY, June 9th

SATURDAY-SUNDAY, June 10th - 11th
- 7:00 am - 7:00 am: [Community Hackathon](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034631597)


### Events around the world and online

There are lots of other events and watch parties taking place around the world and online:

- Sunday June 4th through Sunday 11th: [Community Week: WWDC23](https://wwdc.community)
- Sunday June 4th through Friday 9th: [boulderOS WWDC 2023](https://boulderos.com/wwdc2023.html), Boulder, Colorado, USA
- Monday June 5th through Saturday 10th: [SwiftGG-WWDC.playground](https://swift.gg/wwdc23/index_en.html)
- Thursday June 8th: [NSLondon 2023.2 at AWS](https://www.meetup.com/nslondon/events/293445940/), London, UK
- Friday June 9th, [try! Swift Dub Dub](https://www.tryswift.co/dub-dub)


### Keynote watch parties

If you’d like to watch Apple’s keynote with other folks, you’re in luck! The keynote starts at 10am Pacific Time on June 5th, but the following events are taking place to stream it elsewhere:

- June 5th, 12pm CDT: [Weird Swift ATX -  Keynote Watch Party at Austin Public Library](https://www.meetup.com/weird-swift-atx/events/293173986/)
- June 5th, 6pm EEST: [CocoaHeads Cyprus WWDC Keynote Watch Party at Rio Cinemas Limassol, Cyprus](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cocoaheads-cyprus-wwdc-keynote-watch-party-0506-tickets-629888462347)
- June 5th, 17:30 - 20:30 CEST [CocoaHeads NL Keynote meetup. Amsterdam NL](https://www.meetup.com/cocoaheadsnl/events/292621384/)
- June 5th, 6pm CEST: [CocoaHeads Oslo WWDC23 Watch Party at Rebel Auditorium Oslo, Norway](https://www.meetup.com/cocoaheads-oslo/events/293084881/)
- June 5th, 17:30 - 20:30 BST [NSLondon WWDC keynote viewing party at Deloitte Digital, London, UK](https://www.meetup.com/nslondon/events/293687295/)
- June 5th, 6:30pm-8:30pm CEST: [WWDC23 Watch Together at CHECK24 Frankfurt, Germany](https://www.meetup.com/check-it-rhein-main/events/292903172)
- June 5th, 22:30pm-4am JST: [Extended Tokyo at Yahoo Kioicho, Tokyo](https://yj-meetup.connpass.com/event/281562/)
- June 6th, 1am SGT: [iOS Dev Scout WWDC Watch Party, online](https://www.meetup.com/singapore-ios-dev-scout-meetup/events/292400807/)
- June 6th, 12am PHT: [SwiftPH WWDC23 Watch Party, online](bit.ly/swiftph-members-form)
- June 5th, 7pm-21pm CEST: [CocoaHeadsMK: WWDC'23 Keynote Watch Along](https://cocoaheads.mk/#meetups)


## WWDC23 Deals: Books and Courses

- [Save 50% on all Hacking with Swift books and bundles](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/offers)
- [Save 40% on "Integrating SwiftUI into UIKit Apps" book](https://books.nilcoalescing.com/integrating-swiftui) by [Natalia Panferova](https://twitter.com/natpanferova)
- [Save 15% on "Practical Bundle" books](https://donnywals.gumroad.com/l/practical-bundle/wwdc2023) by [Donny Wals](https://twitter.com/donnywals)
- [Save 20% on "Asynchronous Programming with SwiftUI and Combine"](https://bit.ly/async-swiftui-combine-book-buy) by [Peter Friese](https://twitter.com/peterfriese) - use code **SwiftUI** during checkout


## WWDC23 Deals: Apps

- [Save 50% on all RemafoX subscription plans](https://www.fline.dev/remafox-wwdc-sale/) by [Cihat Gündüz](https://twitter.com/Jeehut)


## Summaries

## Podcasts

- [WWDC 2023 First Impressions Livecast event](https://www.kodeco.com/40370994-don-t-miss-our-wwdc-2023-livecast-june-5-9pm-edt) from Kodeco.

## SwiftUI

## UIKit

## Xcode

## Tips


<p>&nbsp;</p>


# How to contribute

This repository has a number of “official” contributors who are posting links to their work and events here and are also able to merge pull requests. But it’s completely open for everyone to contribute articles, videos, tips, and more, from any source.

So, if you’ve written about something new from WWDC23, or if you’re organizing a community event, please open a pull request and link to it. You’re also welcome to send in links to other articles, videos, and even tweets that help folks get started with new APIs and Swift changes introduced at WWDC23 – we want to represent the full spectrum of voices in our community.

Please check that:

1. All links are freely available to read for everyone. If you are linking to a paid product that has a discount, please put it in the Offers category.
2. The link hasn’t been submitted previously.
3. Unless you’re adding an event, please place your link at the *bottom* of its category, not the top, so that it comes below other links. If you’re adding an event, please try to place it chronologically alongside the others.
4. Ensure that your link follows the following format: **`[Post name](link to post)` from [Author name]**. For example **`[Wishes for WWDC 2021](https://beckyhansmeyer.com/2021/05/12/wishes-for-wwdc-2021/)` from Becky Hansmeyer**.

If you are running sales or special offers on developer-related products, books, or services, please add them under the Offers category. **If you have several products or offers, please just send in one link to avoid overwhelming the list.**

Finally, please do not link to articles that are specifically about rumors – we’re interested in sharing our knowledge and excitement, not leaks.


# Why does this exist?

The Swift community is a thriving and exciting one, but it can sometimes feel a bit personality-driven. This repository was started to encourage *everyone* in our community to share their learnings, their perspectives, and their social events regardless of their background.

WWDC is such an amazing time for our community, but the best bit about WWDC is the community itself – our chance to come together and share our excitement for building great software.

And so this repository exists to promote events, articles, videos, and more from folks across the whole spectrum of our community. You might have heard of some contributors previously, but we hope you’ll also discover some new voices who are doing amazing work.

So, if you’re setting up social events, Slack groups, quiz nights or more, please add links to them here for others to find. Or if you’re writing about new APIs from WWDC23, if you’re making videos about them, or even if you’re just tweeting cool code samples or Xcode tips, we would love for you to be involved and to share them here.

**We want to encourage you to contribute even if it’s your very first blog post.** This is a community effort, and we want everyone to have their voice heard – we appreciate you and your hard work, and want to celebrate that here!


# Who can merge your PR?

This WWDC Community repository was founded by a group of folks from around the Swift community. They are all collaborators for this GitHub repository, which means they will be posting links to their own content and links to other content they find, but ultimately our main job is merging pull requests that come in from *you*.

We are:

- [Sean Allen](https://twitter.com/seanallen_dev)
- [Michie Ang](https://twitter.com/michieriffic)
- [Chris Ching](https://twitter.com/codewithchris)
- [Natascha Fadeeva](https://twitter.com/tanaschita)
- [Becky Hansmeyer](https://twitter.com/bhansmeyer)
- [Paul Hudson](https://twitter.com/twostraws)
- [Majid Jabrayilov](https://twitter.com/mecid)
- [Kilo Loco](https://twitter.com/kilo_loco)
- [Mark Moeykens](https://twitter.com/BigMtnStudio)
- [Javier Nigro](https://twitter.com/swiftuilab)
- [Erica Sadun](https://twitter.com/ericasadun)
- [Ben Scheirman](https://twitter.com/subdigital)
- [Daniel Steinberg](https://twitter.com/dimsumthinking)
- [Kaya Thomas](https://twitter.com/kthomas901)
- [Meng To](https://twitter.com/mengto)
- [Donny Wals](https://twitter.com/donnywals)
- [Sarun Wongpatcharapakorn](https://twitter.com/sarunw)
- [Kristaps Grinbergs](https://twitter.com/fassko)
- [tundsdev](https://twitter.com/tundsdev)

If you’d like to help merge pull requests, please [get in touch](http://twitter.com/twostraws). We particularly welcome folks from underrepresented communities – please reach out!


# Looking for links from previous years?

Previously you helped us share a huge number of tutorials, videos, events, and more, and you can find them all archived below:

- [WWDC22](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/1325639286a3adfc1dddfa6d1c16a2fd222b4d0d/README.md)
- [WWDC21](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/c5131a4be13cd3743a73cf829da5602e3be117d1/README.md)
- [WWDC20](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/3d3b093218af06465b6b268b23e13e2ad6e2d9f8/README.md)


# Legal bits

This is a community effort, which means it is not an official Apple initiative and neither is it endorsed by Apple.

Swift, the Swift logo, Swift Playgrounds, Xcode, Instruments, Cocoa Touch, Touch ID, FaceID, iPhone, iPad, Safari, App Store, iPadOS, watchOS, tvOS, Mac and macOS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.

Although we are doing our best to check every link and pull request, we’re not able to endorse the websites posted here. If you have any concerns about this project or the links here, please [get in touch by email](mailto:paul@hackingwithswift.com) or [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/twostraws).

Commit message:

update: README.md
Adds Watch Calendar WWDC week sale

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://www.hackingwithswift.com/files/wwdc/wwdc-community.png" alt="WWDC Community logo" width="600" />
</p>

The Apple development community is open and inclusive to everyone, and during WWDC we want to make sure everyone can join events, share articles about Apple’s new announcements, or just hang out with like-minded folks.

So, a number of us decided to start this repository to host links to various WWDC events, news, and tutorials from around the community. That means this repo will contain links to events being organized around our community, plus content from SwiftUI Lab, Hacking with Swift, Donny Wals, Swift with Majid, and many more – and we would love to share *your* articles too.


## Events and Meetups

There are lots of events happening in and around Cupertino, along with other events happening around the world. Most in-person events require tickets, and are likely to sell out quickly.

**Note:** Please check the times and locations for each event just in case we made a mistake or something has changed.


### Events in Cupertino

If you’re in the Bay Area around WWDC, you can look for tickets for the following events:

SATURDAY, June 3rd
- 7pm-10pm: [Dub Dub Pub Quiz 2023](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/dub-dub-pub-quiz-2023-tickets-641642348537)

SUNDAY, June 4th
- 1:30pm-3pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292537684/)
- 3pm-7pm: [WWDC Check-in, refreshments, and games at Infinite Loop](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 6pm-10pm: [RevenueCat’s Pre-WWDC Barcade Bash, at MINIBOSS, San Jose](https://rcwwdc23.rsvpify.com)

MONDAY, June 5th
- [Special Event at Apple Park](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23/special-event/) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 9:30am to 4pm: [iOS Dev Happy Hour and WWDCCommunity Watch Party](https://wwdc23-watch-party.eventbrite.com/)

TUESDAY, June 6th
- 10am, 2pm, and 6pm: [Special Event at Apple Park Developer Center](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc23) (requires WWDC ticket)
- 7:30 am: [The Dub Dub Climb](https://dubdub.fitness/climb.html)
- 8:00am - 5:00pm: [WWDCCommunity Open Space (Community Get Togethers, BYO Breakfast/Lunch, Open Mic, 
A space for the community to watch and join WWDC activities & more)](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034471117)
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 2](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/293553719/)
- 5:30pm-7:30pm: [iOS Dev Happy Hour IRL](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/iosdevhappyhour-wwdc23-irl-tickets-637437722387)
- 6pm-9pm PT: [Students, Swift, Stars at Il Fornaio, San Jose](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/students-swift-stars-tickets-632561838487)

WEDNESDAY, June 7th
- 7:30 am: [The Dub Dub Climb](https://dubdub.fitness/climb.html)
- 8:00am - 5:00pm: [WWDCCommunity Open Space (Community Get Togethers, BYO Breakfast/Lunch, Open Mic, 
A space for the community to watch and join WWDC activities & more)](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034511237)
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 3](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292607366/)
- 5pm: [The Talk Show Live from WWDC 2023](https://daringfireball.net/thetalkshow/)
- Evening: [James Dempsey and the Breakpoints](https://livenearwwdc.com)

THURSDAY, June 8th
- 11am-12:30pm: [Core Coffee – WWDC Meetup Edition pt. 4](https://www.meetup.com/core-coffee-a-catch-up-for-ios-and-macos-developers/events/292912617/)

FRIDAY, June 9th

SATURDAY-SUNDAY, June 10th - 11th
- 7:00 am - 7:00 am: [Community Hackathon](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/wwdccommunity-open-space-in-cupertino-get-togethers-hackathon-open-mic-tickets-632034631597)


### Events around the world and online

There are lots of other events and watch parties taking place around the world and online:

- Sunday June 4th through Sunday 11th: [Community Week: WWDC23](https://wwdc.community)
- Sunday June 4th through Friday 9th: [boulderOS WWDC 2023](https://boulderos.com/wwdc2023.html), Boulder, Colorado, USA
- Monday June 5th through Saturday 10th: [SwiftGG-WWDC.playground](https://swift.gg/wwdc23/index_en.html)
- Thursday June 8th: [NSLondon 2023.2 at AWS](https://www.meetup.com/nslondon/events/293445940/), London, UK
- Friday June 9th, [try! Swift Dub Dub](https://www.tryswift.co/dub-dub)


### Keynote watch parties

If you’d like to watch Apple’s keynote with other folks, you’re in luck! The keynote starts at 10am Pacific Time on June 5th, but the following events are taking place to stream it elsewhere:

- June 5th, 12pm CDT: [Weird Swift ATX -  Keynote Watch Party at Austin Public Library](https://www.meetup.com/weird-swift-atx/events/293173986/)
- June 5th, 6pm EEST: [CocoaHeads Cyprus WWDC Keynote Watch Party at Rio Cinemas Limassol, Cyprus](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cocoaheads-cyprus-wwdc-keynote-watch-party-0506-tickets-629888462347)
- June 5th, 17:30 - 20:30 CEST [CocoaHeads NL Keynote meetup. Amsterdam NL](https://www.meetup.com/cocoaheadsnl/events/292621384/)
- June 5th, 6pm CEST: [CocoaHeads Oslo WWDC23 Watch Party at Rebel Auditorium Oslo, Norway](https://www.meetup.com/cocoaheads-oslo/events/293084881/)
- June 5th, 17:30 - 20:30 BST [NSLondon WWDC keynote viewing party at Deloitte Digital, London, UK](https://www.meetup.com/nslondon/events/293687295/)
- June 5th, 6:30pm-8:30pm CEST: [WWDC23 Watch Together at CHECK24 Frankfurt, Germany](https://www.meetup.com/check-it-rhein-main/events/292903172)
- June 5th, 22:30pm-4am JST: [Extended Tokyo at Yahoo Kioicho, Tokyo](https://yj-meetup.connpass.com/event/281562/)
- June 6th, 1am SGT: [iOS Dev Scout WWDC Watch Party, online](https://www.meetup.com/singapore-ios-dev-scout-meetup/events/292400807/)
- June 6th, 12am PHT: [SwiftPH WWDC23 Watch Party, online](bit.ly/swiftph-members-form)
- June 5th, 7pm-21pm CEST: [CocoaHeadsMK: WWDC'23 Keynote Watch Along](https://cocoaheads.mk/#meetups)


## WWDC23 Deals: Books and Courses

- [Save 50% on all Hacking with Swift books and bundles](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/offers)
- [Save 40% on "Integrating SwiftUI into UIKit Apps" book](https://books.nilcoalescing.com/integrating-swiftui) by [Natalia Panferova](https://twitter.com/natpanferova)
- [Save 15% on "Practical Bundle" books](https://donnywals.gumroad.com/l/practical-bundle/wwdc2023) by [Donny Wals](https://twitter.com/donnywals)
- [Save 20% on "Asynchronous Programming with SwiftUI and Combine"](https://bit.ly/async-swiftui-combine-book-buy) by [Peter Friese](https://twitter.com/peterfriese) - use code **SwiftUI** during checkout


## WWDC23 Deals: Apps

- [Save 50% on all RemafoX subscription plans](https://www.fline.dev/remafox-wwdc-sale/) by [Cihat Gündüz](https://twitter.com/Jeehut)
- [WWDC week sale: 50% off on Watch Calendar](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/watch-calendar/id1453181433) by [Marcel Mendes](https://twitter.com/ios_watch)


## Summaries

## Podcasts

- [WWDC 2023 First Impressions Livecast event](https://www.kodeco.com/40370994-don-t-miss-our-wwdc-2023-livecast-june-5-9pm-edt) from Kodeco.

## SwiftUI

## UIKit

## Xcode

## Tips


<p>&nbsp;</p>


# How to contribute

This repository has a number of “official” contributors who are posting links to their work and events here and are also able to merge pull requests. But it’s completely open for everyone to contribute articles, videos, tips, and more, from any source.

So, if you’ve written about something new from WWDC23, or if you’re organizing a community event, please open a pull request and link to it. You’re also welcome to send in links to other articles, videos, and even tweets that help folks get started with new APIs and Swift changes introduced at WWDC23 – we want to represent the full spectrum of voices in our community.

Please check that:

1. All links are freely available to read for everyone. If you are linking to a paid product that has a discount, please put it in the Offers category.
2. The link hasn’t been submitted previously.
3. Unless you’re adding an event, please place your link at the *bottom* of its category, not the top, so that it comes below other links. If you’re adding an event, please try to place it chronologically alongside the others.
4. Ensure that your link follows the following format: **`[Post name](link to post)` from [Author name]**. For example **`[Wishes for WWDC 2021](https://beckyhansmeyer.com/2021/05/12/wishes-for-wwdc-2021/)` from Becky Hansmeyer**.

If you are running sales or special offers on developer-related products, books, or services, please add them under the Offers category. **If you have several products or offers, please just send in one link to avoid overwhelming the list.**

Finally, please do not link to articles that are specifically about rumors – we’re interested in sharing our knowledge and excitement, not leaks.


# Why does this exist?

The Swift community is a thriving and exciting one, but it can sometimes feel a bit personality-driven. This repository was started to encourage *everyone* in our community to share their learnings, their perspectives, and their social events regardless of their background.

WWDC is such an amazing time for our community, but the best bit about WWDC is the community itself – our chance to come together and share our excitement for building great software.

And so this repository exists to promote events, articles, videos, and more from folks across the whole spectrum of our community. You might have heard of some contributors previously, but we hope you’ll also discover some new voices who are doing amazing work.

So, if you’re setting up social events, Slack groups, quiz nights or more, please add links to them here for others to find. Or if you’re writing about new APIs from WWDC23, if you’re making videos about them, or even if you’re just tweeting cool code samples or Xcode tips, we would love for you to be involved and to share them here.

**We want to encourage you to contribute even if it’s your very first blog post.** This is a community effort, and we want everyone to have their voice heard – we appreciate you and your hard work, and want to celebrate that here!


# Who can merge your PR?

This WWDC Community repository was founded by a group of folks from around the Swift community. They are all collaborators for this GitHub repository, which means they will be posting links to their own content and links to other content they find, but ultimately our main job is merging pull requests that come in from *you*.

We are:

- [Sean Allen](https://twitter.com/seanallen_dev)
- [Michie Ang](https://twitter.com/michieriffic)
- [Chris Ching](https://twitter.com/codewithchris)
- [Natascha Fadeeva](https://twitter.com/tanaschita)
- [Becky Hansmeyer](https://twitter.com/bhansmeyer)
- [Paul Hudson](https://twitter.com/twostraws)
- [Majid Jabrayilov](https://twitter.com/mecid)
- [Kilo Loco](https://twitter.com/kilo_loco)
- [Mark Moeykens](https://twitter.com/BigMtnStudio)
- [Javier Nigro](https://twitter.com/swiftuilab)
- [Erica Sadun](https://twitter.com/ericasadun)
- [Ben Scheirman](https://twitter.com/subdigital)
- [Daniel Steinberg](https://twitter.com/dimsumthinking)
- [Kaya Thomas](https://twitter.com/kthomas901)
- [Meng To](https://twitter.com/mengto)
- [Donny Wals](https://twitter.com/donnywals)
- [Sarun Wongpatcharapakorn](https://twitter.com/sarunw)
- [Kristaps Grinbergs](https://twitter.com/fassko)
- [tundsdev](https://twitter.com/tundsdev)

If you’d like to help merge pull requests, please [get in touch](http://twitter.com/twostraws). We particularly welcome folks from underrepresented communities – please reach out!


# Looking for links from previous years?

Previously you helped us share a huge number of tutorials, videos, events, and more, and you can find them all archived below:

- [WWDC22](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/1325639286a3adfc1dddfa6d1c16a2fd222b4d0d/README.md)
- [WWDC21](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/c5131a4be13cd3743a73cf829da5602e3be117d1/README.md)
- [WWDC20](https://github.com/twostraws/wwdc/blob/3d3b093218af06465b6b268b23e13e2ad6e2d9f8/README.md)


# Legal bits

This is a community effort, which means it is not an official Apple initiative and neither is it endorsed by Apple.

Swift, the Swift logo, Swift Playgrounds, Xcode, Instruments, Cocoa Touch, Touch ID, FaceID, iPhone, iPad, Safari, App Store, iPadOS, watchOS, tvOS, Mac and macOS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.

Although we are doing our best to check every link and pull request, we’re not able to endorse the websites posted here. If you have any concerns about this project or the links here, please [get in touch by email](mailto:paul@hackingwithswift.com) or [on Twitter](https://twitter.com/twostraws).
